README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.

Commit message:

feat: update README.md and show some screenshots

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

A simple app to track your income and expenses. Built with Expo, NativeWind and WatermelonDB.

## WatermelonDB
This app uses WatermelonDB as its database. WatermelonDB is a high-performance reactive database for React and React Native. The reason why I chose WatermelonDB is because it is optimized for a large amount of data and it is also offline-first. It is also possible to sync the local data with your server. You can learn more about [WatermelonDB](https://watermelondb.dev/).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   bun run android
   ```


## Preview Build
If you want to try the app with your physical Android device, you need to build the app first
```bash
bun run preview
```

Then share the `.apk` file to your device and install it.

## Added New Features or Fix Bugs
If you added a new feature or fixed a bug, please update the `version` and `android.versionCode` (just increment them) in `app.json`. It works the same if you installed the app in your device and you want to update it.

## Screenshots
Here are some screenshots of the app:
### Boarding Screen
![boarding 1](./screenshots/boarding-1.png)
![boarding 2](./screenshots/boarding-2.png)
![boarding 3](./screenshots/boarding-3.png)
![final boarding](./screenshots/final-boarding.png)

### Home Screen
![home](./screenshots/main-screen.png)
![home 2](./screenshots/main-screen-2.png)
![filter chart expenses](./screenshots/chart-expense-filter.png)

Check all screenshots in the [screenshots](./screenshots) folder.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.
